README.md, before:

# ![][logo] Tunnel Tool

Tunnel Tool is a small tool helping to access remote servers. Features:

  - Open SSH Tunnels to various servers
  - Download Logfiles
  - Open Database Connections
  - Upload Files to Servers
  
## Build and Run
Checkout the project and use
```sh
$ mvn package
```

## Settings
Todo describe
#### Database Tunnel Scripts
 Todo describe
 
#### SCP Tunnel Scripts
 Todo describe
 
#### Misc Settings
Todo describe


___
##### Licenses
   This software contains plink.exe ([PuTTY License]) and winscp.exe ([WinSCP License]). 
   All rights of these applications belong to their creators. 
   They are not covered by the license used by TunnelTool.
   
   App icon made by [Freepik] from [Flaticon]


[logo]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DaHu4wA/tunneltool/master/src/main/resources/appicon48.png "TunnelTool Logo"

[PuTTY License]: <http://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/putty/licence.html>
[WinSCP License]: <https://winscp.net/eng/docs/license>
[Freepik]: <http://www.freepik.com>
[Flaticon]: <http://www.flaticon.com>

Commit message:

Add native windows packaging process

README.md, after:

# ![][logo] Tunnel Tool

Tunnel Tool is a small tool helping to access remote servers. Features:

  - Open SSH Tunnels to various servers
  - Download Logfiles
  - Open Database Connections
  - Upload Files to Servers
  
## Build and Run
Checkout the project and use:
```sh
$ mvn package
```
Executable files will be created at /target/jfx/native

## Settings
Todo describe
#### Database Tunnel Scripts
 Todo describe
 
#### SCP Tunnel Scripts
 Todo describe
 
#### Misc Settings
Todo describe


___
##### Licenses
   This software contains plink.exe ([PuTTY License]) and winscp.exe ([WinSCP License]). 
   All rights of these applications belong to their creators. 
   They are not covered by the license used by TunnelTool.
   
   App icon made by [Freepik] from [Flaticon]


[logo]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DaHu4wA/tunneltool/master/src/main/resources/appicon48.png "TunnelTool Logo"

[PuTTY License]: <http://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/putty/licence.html>
[WinSCP License]: <https://winscp.net/eng/docs/license>
[Freepik]: <http://www.freepik.com>
[Flaticon]: <http://www.flaticon.com>
